I don't understand why every morning when I woke up (and I've been waking up and going back to sleep for the last 3 hours) the feelings were the strongest. I thank you all for listening and at least reading my messages. That's like my only way of venting.. 

This whole phenomenon could be seen as a battle between my emotional side and my logical side. The logical side, the Perry you guys remember, knows how ridiculous my request is. Part of the emotional side, the Perry you guys also remember, really does care about Kelley and what my actions have on her and my friends. That good part of the emotional side is what made me message you guys instead of Kelley. 

That good part of the emotional side is also what rather wants myself die, so I don't do stupid things to bother Kelley anymore. Literally I think to myself, if I could just jump off this 5-story building which I currently live on, she could be forever left alone. Perhaps that's the strongest of the feelings and I am afraid it's also the most likely scenario. The logical side is what kept me alive.  

But the dark part of my emotional side, the memories I had tried to suppress for the last two years, could not have it. That's the Perry you have seen through these messages the last two months. 

That part simply could not understand why anyone would block anyone. It's fine if you could not reciprocate feelings. It's fine if you don't want to talk to anyone anymore. But the gesture of blocking someone, that part simply does not understand it. 

Up to that point of being blocked I literally have not done anything wrong. On the day of the recital, I even asked Kelley's ex boyfriend to give her the flower so I could stay in the background and not take credit. I had every one of her students sign the card. I only did them because I genuinely want her to feel good. 

The dark part of me could not understand why someone would block that kind of Perry. 

That dark emotional side is the one talking this whole time and you guys could not rationalize with it. It's as if I am allergic to peanut, but you guys keep telling me peanuts are fine. It's not that bad. Have some perspective. Just get over it.

Three quarters of me understand what you are saying. I really do. I am really not that crazy.  

But the one quarter of me thinks you do not understand that pain. You guys don't understand what it's like when your soon-to-be fiancee blocked you on gchat and facebook, and two weeks later she got into another relationship and 4 months later she's engaged to another person and 8 months later she's married. You guys don't understand why someone like that is the Christian intervarsity large group coordinator and has slept with 7 guys. You guys don't understand that at the time, when marriage is in front of me and is the only thing in this world that would make me work legally, I suddenly lost it all. You guys don't understand the feeling when I have no way of contacting her and was permanently blocked on fb. Afterwards I decided not to experience that ever again so I stopped adding people on fb. Part of it is I don't want people to know my legal status. But part of it is I don't want to be reminded when someone just blocks me. 

If you don't understand my pain, so there is no point of explaining that pain to you. 

To you I am seen as being very aggressive trying to get what I want. In my mind, because you do not understand that whole year of suppressing that memory and the pain associated with it, I am simply trying to find an escape to my hopelessness. 

I know the case with Kelley is different. I know she simply tries to protect herself by distancing herself from me. But block is a block to that dark side of me. 

That's why I am NOT asking you to ask Kelley right away if she could unblock me. I am asking if there is a chance, 3 months down the road, if you guys could ask for me. Can we have a contract so I can put the one quarter of me to sleep? 

Perhaps I do not want to cling on to any hope. But I think that's infinitely better for me than to have no hope, which is my current situation. 

In the meantime I simply want something to cling on to. If you guys could have a contract with me that three months down the road, you guys could kindly ask Kelley again about the request, I would be happy instantly. 

A contract like that is good because at least in the next three months, I could be normal and meet people. It would give me three months of buffer to feel better and look at things in perspective. At least it gives me some hope that in the distant future I would no longer be blocked. 

Thank you for listening.. 
Perry